# Example Atem Standard Library Proposal

* Proposal: [ASP-0000]()
* Revision: 0
* Authors: [Zhige Chen](https://github.com/Minecraft1248/), *Other co-authors*
* Review Manager: 
* Status: **Accepted**
* Implementations: *if applicable*
* Review: ([pitch]())

*This proposal template is largely based on the [Swift Proposal Template](https://github.com/apple/swift-evolution/blob/main/proposal-templates/0000-swift-template.md).*

*When filling out this template, you should delete or replace all of the text except for the section headers and the header fields above (The italicized text). For example, you should delete everything from this paragraph down to the Abstract section below.*

*As a proposal author, you should fill out all of the header fields except `Review Manager`. The review manager will set that field and change several others as part of initiating the review. Delete any header fields marked if applicable that are not applicable to your proposal.*

*`Proposal`: Proposal number*

*`Revision`: Current revision count*

*`Authors`: Authors of this proposal, linked by commas*

*`Review Manager`: Review managers of this proposal (Don't need to be filled out by authors)*

*`Status`: Should be one of the **Accepted**(The proposal is accepted)/**Rejected**(The proposal is rejected)/**Pending Review**(The proposal is waiting for review)/**Need Revision**(Need a revision for further review)/**Outdated**(Revision deadline reached)*

*`Implementations`: Link to available implementation of this proposal, **Unimplemented** if the implementation is currently WIP.*

*`Review`: History of all discussion threads about this proposal, in chronological order. Use these standardized link names: `pitch` `review` `revision` `acceptance` `rejection`. If there are multiple such threads, spell the ordinal out: `first pitch` `second review` etc.*

## Abstract

*A brief introduction about your proposal. Try to keep it to a single-paragraph "elevator pitch" so the reader understands what problem this proposal is addressing.*

## Contents

*Table of contents*

## Motivation

*Description of problem that this proposal solves.*

## Proposed Solution

*Provide description and examples to show how your proposal solves the problem. Show how your solution is better than other existing or possible solutions: is it faster, safer or more consistent with the language?*

*This section should focus on the most important part of the proposal, the comprehensive design description should go into the [Detailed Design](#detaileddesign) section.*

## Detailed Design

*Comprehensive and detailed description of your suggestions, like syntax and semantics. The detail provided in this section should be sufficient for someone who is not one of the authors to implement the feature.*

## Alternatives Considered

*Describe alternatives approaches to addressing the same problem. This is an important part of most proposal documents. Reviewers are often familiar with other approaches prior to review and may have reasons to prefer them. This section is your first opportunity to try to convince them that your approach is the right one, and even if you don't fully succeed, you can help set the terms of the conversation and make the review a much more productive exchange of ideas.*

*In this section, you should be fair about other proposals. You should explain what led you to choose the approach in this proposal by subjectively analyzing the advantages and drawbacks of alternatives.*

## Future Directions

*Describe any interesting proposals that could build on this proposal in the future. This is especially important when these future directions inform the design of the proposal, for example by making sure an attribute encodes enough information to be used for other purposes.*

*The rest of the proposal should generally not talk about future directions except by referring to this section. It is important not to confuse reviewers about what is covered by this specific proposal. If there's a larger vision that needs to be explained in order to understand this proposal, consider starting a discussion thread on the forums to capture your broader thoughts.*

*Avoid making affirmative statements in this section, such as "we will" or even "we should". Describe the proposals neutrally as possibilities to be considered in the future.*

## Compatibility

### Source Compatibility

*Describe the impact of this proposal on source compatibility. As a general rule, all else being equal, Atem code that worked in previous releases of the tools should work in new releases. That means both that it should continue to build and that it should continue to behave dynamically the same as it did before. Changes that cannot satisfy this must be listed in the [BREAKING CHANGES](#breakingchanges) section.*

### ABI Compatibility

*Describe the impact on ABI compatibility. As a general rule, the ABI of existing code must not change between tools releases or language modes. This rule does not apply as often as source compatibility, but it is much stricter.*

### BREAKING CHANGES

*Describe any changes that will break any existing code should goes in this section. You should consider it twice before making a breaking change because the potential damage to existing code. Generally, you can avoid making breaking changes by using feature switches or other tools that can make an opt-in change.*

## Implications on Adoption

*Describe issues that intentional adopters of the proposal should be aware of.*

*For proposals that add features to the language or standard library, consider whether the features require ABI support. Will adopters need a new version of the library or language runtime? Be conservative: if you're hoping to support back-deployment, but you can't guarantee it at the time of review, just say that the feature requires a new version.*

*If there are no concerns to raise in this section, leave it in with text like "This feature can be freely adopted and un-adopted in source code with no deployment constraints and without affecting source or ABI compatibility."*

## Revision History

*Place the revision history of this proposal in this section, the revision should be sorted in descending order.*

### R1

* *Changes in the revision 1*

### R0

* Initial proposal

## Acknowledgments

*If an Atem community member made a significant improvement or changes deserves recognition. You should take a moment here to thank them for their contributions.*

*Generally, this section should not contain anyone who is listed as a co-author or as the review manager.*

## References

*Place the references of your proposal here (if any)*